OSDOCS#10345: Restructured the Firewall Prereq modules (#75197)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/osd-aws-privatelink-firewall-prerequisites.adoc

// * osd_planning/aws-ccs.adoc
// * rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa_getting_started_iam/rosa-aws-prereqs.adoc
// * rosa_planning/rosa-sts-aws-prereqs.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "rosa-sts-aws-prereqs"]
:fedramp:
:rosa-classic-sts:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "aws-ccs"]
:osd:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "prerequisites"]
:rosa-classic:
endif::[]

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
ifdef::rosa-classic-sts[]
[id="rosa-classic-firewall-prerequisites_{context}"]
= ROSA Classic
endif::rosa-classic-sts[]
ifndef::rosa-classic-sts[]
[id="osd-aws-privatelink-firewall-prerequisites_{context}"]
= AWS firewall prerequisites

> If you are using a firewall to control egress traffic from your {product-title}, you must configure your firewall to grant access to the certain domain and port combinations below. {product-title} requires this access to provide a fully managed OpenShift service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using a firewall to control egress traffic from {product-title}, you must configure your firewall to grant access to the certain domain and port combinations below. {product-title} requires this access to provide a fully managed OpenShift service.
```

or maybe like

```suggestion
If you are using a firewall to control egress traffic from your {product-title} <cluster> or <deployment>, you must configure your firewall to grant access to the certain domain and port combinations below. {product-title} requires this access to provide a fully managed OpenShift service.
```

> This section provides the necessary details that enable you to control egress traffic from your {product-title} cluster. If you are using a firewall to control egress traffic, you must configure your firewall to grant access to the domain and port combinations below. {product-title} requires this access to provide a fully managed OpenShift service.

Reviewer 2: I think we are supposed to avoid self-referential writing (i.e. "This document..." or "This tutorial..."). Would something along the following lines work?
```suggestion
If you are using a firewall to control egress traffic from your {product-title}, you must configure your firewall to grant access to certain domain and port combinations. {product-title} requires this access to provide a fully managed OpenShift service.
```

endif::rosa-classic-sts[]

ifdef::openshift-rosa[]
[IMPORTANT]
====
Only ROSA clusters deployed with PrivateLink can use a firewall to control egress traffic.
====
endif::[]

.Prerequisites

> You have configured an Amazon S3 Gateway Endpoint in your AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). This endpoint is required to complete requests from the cluster to the Amazon S3 service.

Reviewer 2: I think this could be a bullet.
```suggestion
* You have configured an Amazon S3 gateway endpoint in your AWS Virtual Private Cloud (VPC). This endpoint is required to complete requests from the cluster to the Amazon S3 service.
```
AWS does not capitalize "gateway endpoint" (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/vpc/latest/privatelink/vpc-endpoints-s3.html), so I don't think we should either.
